Culture Convos 10 through 12 from Marksman (#6551)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/culture conversations.txt

mission "New China Mourners"
	minor
	source "New China"
	to offer
		random < 1
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`The skies pour down onto the world below, weeping together with the crowds as a plain but stately coffin is carried slowly from a void deck. Rythmic wailing blends with the susurrant rain, filling the air as the coffin is followed closely by procession of mourners that look to be an extendsive gathering of family. Even as it is placed into the van they do not leave the departed, a number of their hands placed on it as if pushing the person towards their final resting place as the two foremost mourners, a woman and a young man, climb in and take their seats next to it. Somewhere nearby, music begins to play as the vehicle slowly moves off.`

Author: ```suggestion
			`The skies pour down onto the world below, weeping together with the crowds as a plain but stately coffin is carried slowly from a void deck. Rhythmic wailing blends with the susurrant rain, filling the air as the coffin is followed closely by procession of mourners that look to be an extensive gathering of family. Even as it is placed into the van they do not leave the departed, a number of their hands placed on it as if pushing the person towards their final resting place as the two foremost mourners, a woman and a young man, climb in and take their seats next to it. Somewhere nearby, music begins to play as the vehicle slowly moves off.`
```

> 			`The skies pour down onto the world below, weeping together with the crowds as a plain but stately coffin is carried slowly from a void deck. Rhythmic wailing blends with the susurrant rain, filling the air as the coffin is followed closely by procession of mourners that look to be an extensive gathering of family. Even as it is placed into the van they do not leave the departed, a number of their hands placed on it as if pushing the person towards their final resting place as the two foremost mourners, a woman and a young man, climb in and take their seats next to it. Somewhere nearby, music begins to play as the vehicle slowly moves off.`

Reviewer: @TheMarksman-ES [your Singapore is showing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Void_deck) 😛 .  I had no clue what a void deck was until I Googled it, and I doubt I'll be the only one. Any replacement wording you can think of so the rest of us know what you're talking about without having to look it up?
```suggestion
			`The skies pour down onto the world below, weeping together with the crowds as a plain but stately coffin is carried slowly from a void deck. Rhythmic wailing blends with the susurrant rain, filling the air as the coffin is followed closely by procession of mourners that look to be an extensive gathering of family. Even as it is placed into the van they do not leave the departed, a number of their hands placed on it as if pushing the person toward their final resting place. The two foremost mourners, a woman and a young man, climb in and take their seats next to it. Somewhere nearby, music begins to play as the vehicle slowly moves off.`
```
I do really like the writing here though.

Reviewer 2: @W1zrad Void Decks are extremely specific, so I'm not too sure there's any suitable replacement for them. That, and with my current intent to use a lot of void decks to show off some more cultural convo means it is going to get a lot more head scratching down the line.
That is, if someone finds a suitable replacement.

Author: I think the broader adoption of void decks on heavily populated worlds (particularly those of clear Asian influence) makes a lot of sense really.

> 			`	You wonder how well known the person was before they died as those remaining finally turn away from the van receding into the distance and begin to file past some discreet attendants you hadn't notied at first, accepting slippers for their bare feet before boarding the busses waiting to take them after the van.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	You wonder how well known the person was before they died as those remaining finally turn away from the van receding into the distance and begin to file past some discreet attendants you hadn't noticed at first, accepting slippers for their bare feet before boarding the buses waiting to take them after the van.`
```

mission "Curious Waiter"
	minor
	source
		government "Syndicate"
		attributes "fatory"
		not attributes "station"
	to offer
		random < 1
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`On a whim, you decide to dine in at a restaurant well clear of the busy spaceport. You swiftly find yourself searching up a list of delicacies on a physical menu as people stream past the window by your booth, each looking drained from the long work day. Meal soon ordered, you continue watching the crowd until it arrives, a local version of a katsu Don and dig in.`

Reviewer: Another spot where people will likely have to Google. I think this one is a bit more redeemable since there wouldn't be any suitable replacement for a specific meal, but curious what others think.

Reviewer 2: My reasoning for the food there for partly because I was craving Japanese food.
My other reason was that for an interstellar species, there's a lack of variety of cultural food.

Reviewer 2: Although I'm not too sure if Katsu Don is capitalised or not, actually, since it's a name of a meal.

Reviewer: I'm gonna assume it's not capitalized, based on Google? And since this is a pretty minor mission with the intent of building culture, in hindsight I agree that the specificity of food is appropriate.
```suggestion
			`On a whim, you decide to dine in at a restaurant well clear of the busy spaceport. You swiftly find yourself searching up a list of delicacies on a physical menu as people stream past the window by your booth, each looking drained from the long work day. Meal soon ordered, you continue watching the crowd until it arrives, a local version of a katsu don and dig in.`
```

Reviewer 2: Yep. It's fine.

> 			`	The place is quiet, perhaps a little early for the dinner rush yet, and you are half way through your meal when a waiter stops beside you, coughing to catch your attention.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	The place is quiet, perhaps a little early for the dinner rush yet, and you are halfway through your meal when a waiter stops beside you, coughing to catch your attention.`
```

			choice
				`	"May I help you?"`
				`	"Yes?"`
				`	"What do you want?"`
			`	"Sorry," he says, grabbing the edges of his shirt. "But... may I ask... what's it like to see the stars? To visit other worlds?"`

> 			choice

Reviewer: All these choices seem to be pretty neutral or negative-leaning. I think a little variety from adding in a more positive response or two would be appreciated. It wouldn't be too much of a stretch to add in an alternative response from the waiter too for said positive choice.

Reviewer 2: @MasterOfGrey ^

Author: I genuinely could not think of a thing to say, that would be culturally and factually appropriate to human space, that wouldn't also count as encouraging personal endangerment to the guy who I envisioned to be obviously young and impressionable.
I'm not beholden to how it works now, but I have no ideas for that unless we re-frame it.

Reviewer 3: Does the player have to be a constant pillar of factuality and responsibility, though? The player character is meant to be a reflection of the real-world player, and they might want to give a more positive (or negative), but less accurate description of human space, whether it be to not disappoint the waiter or because they perceive it as better than it actually is.

Reviewer 2: > Does the player have to be a constant pillar of factuality and responsibility, though? The player character is meant to be a reflection of the real-world player, and they might want to give a more positive (or negative), but less accurate description of human space, whether it be to not disappoint the waiter or because they perceive it as better than it actually is.

They don't. The main idea for this one was more as a passing note. It's like asking a soldier what it's like to fight on the frontlines.

Reviewer: Was `May I help you?` always there? Seems like that fits the bill of what I was asking for here. Huh. Not sure how I didn't see that

Reviewer 2: I think it's been there the whole time.

Reviewer: Lol whoops

				`	"Most worlds are the same or worse than here."`
				`	"The stars are prettier under an atmosphere."`
				`	"It's an adventure, but not for the faint of heart."`
			`	"Oh... I've never seen any pilots, so I never got to ask," he says, slightly dejected. "Thank you very much for telling me though!"`
			`	He goes back to his work, with a thoughtful expression of neutral satisfaction on his face.`
				decline

mission "Syndicate Security Troops"
	minor
	source
		government "Syndicate"
		attributes "urban"
		not attributes "station"
	to offer
		random < 1
	on offer
		conversation
		`The low rumble of "Tonners," heavy trucks for moving troops and supplies, rolling down the street causes heads to turn and look at the blocky yet imposing vehicles slowing to a stop. The driver and the commander of the foremost vehicle have their eyes on the road, watching out for any traffic hazards that might pose a risk to either the vehicle or their support.`

> 		`	The troops following behind each tonner, on the other hand, are making small talk, the camo on their face smearing off in the heat. One of them points at you, saying something that garners him a groan from his peers, and you decided that you probably don't want to know what he said.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		`	The troops within the back of each tonner, on the other hand, are making small talk, the camo on their face smearing off in the heat. One of them points at you, saying something that garners him a groan from his peers, and you decided that you probably don't want to know what he said.`
```

Reviewer 2: _Mistakes were made... Mistakes were made..._
